Document version query param of GET /api/documents/ endpoint (#841)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: src/content/collaboration/documents/rest-api.mdx

export. By default, we only export the `default` fragment. This parameter is only applicable when using
the `json` or `text`format; with `yjs`, you'll always get the entire Yjs document.

> - `version` is the version of the Y.js document to retrieve.

Author: ```suggestion
- `version` (`string`, optional): the version of the Y.js document to retrieve. Defaults to the latest version.
```
